1. For chapter 8 of the ASP.NET Core 3 book, what are the three requirements as the author describes them?



2. When adding new routes in Startup.cs, in what order should you add the new routes? Why?

It is important that you add the new route before the call to the MapDefaultControllerRoute method. The routing system processes routes in the order they are listed, and I need the new route to take precedence over the existing one.

3. Does ASP.NET Core 3 handle outgoing HTTP requests as well as incoming requests? If so, what is one reason that this is important?

yes
By using the routing system both to handle incoming requests and to generate outgoing URLs, I can ensure that all the URLs in the application are consistent

4. What is a view component? Why do you use view components?

A view component is a C# class that provides a small amount of reusable application logic with the ability to select and display Razor partial views.

5. When you use a view component in a view, how is the view component referenced, and what nameing convention do you use?



6. When ASP.NET Core 3 needs to create a instance of a component, how does it know what value to give the new instance?

with dependency injection

7. How do ASP.NET Core 3 components get information about a user's current HTTP request? Why would it be important for the component to get this information?



8. What does the PathAndQuery extension method do with an incoming HTTP request? What does the method do with the return value? What is the return value?

The PathAndQuery extension method operates on the HttpRequest class, which ASP.NET Core uses to describe an HTTP request. The extension method generates a URL that the browser will be returned to after the cart has been updated, taking into
account the query string, if there is one.

9. What is session state?

Session is a feature in ASP.NET Core that enables us to save/store the user data. Session stores the data in the dictionary on the Server and SessionId is used as a key.

10. What three types does a session state store? Suppose you want to store data that has a type that session state does not store, is it possible to do so? If so, how do you do it?

int, string, byte
you need to add an extension methodsto the session interface

