1
	Asynchronous programming in C# is an efficient approach towards activities blocked or access is delayed
	
2
	it could be I/O bound
	
3
	
	
4
	the new thread you created doesn't have access to the user interface
5
	
6
	indicates a method that can be run asyncronysouly. Async ells compiler that inside the method you will use the await operator
7
	specifies the point at which the asyncronys action should be performed. send this method to run on your own thread and only bother me when you're finished. it creates a task and asigns a method to that task.
8
	
9

10
	
11


1. What is an asynchronous method? When the book talks about a contract, what is the contract and who is it with?
		Asynchronous programming in C# is an efficient approach towards activities blocked or access is delayed
2. What can be the problem with decomposing a series of discrete method calls into a set of tasks, such as we saw in chapter 23?
	it could be I/O bound
3. What can be the problem with decomposing a series of discrete method calls into a set of continuations? When does the last continuation \complete" as compared to the previous continuations? What problem might this cause?


4. What might be the problem with implementing te previous solution as a continuation passing a dele-gate? What would be your interpretation with this error message: \The application called an interface that was marshaled for a dierent thread."?
		the new thread you created doesn't have access to the user interface
5. The book suggests a solution using a continuation delegate calling another continuation delegate via an anonymous function. What does the book ientify as a problem with this suggested solution?

6. What does the async modier do? What does the await operator do?
	indicates a method that can be run asyncronysouly. Async ells compiler that inside the method you will use the await operator
7. What is an awaitable object? Be specic.
	specifies the point at which the asyncronys action should be performed. send this method to run on your own thread and only bother me when you're finished. it creates a task and asigns a method to that task.
	
8. In a method denition, how do you create and run a Task and return a reference to the Task? What is the type of such a method? What does the method return?

9. How do you dene method calls in the implementation of an async method? Specically, you must dene a task, you must run the task, you must implement the task, and you must await the task. What is the syntax for doing this?

10. What is the dierence between decomposing a series of method calls that do not return values, and a series of method calls that return values? What is the Result property of a method that returns a value? How do you use the await operator in this circumstance?

11. What is the dierence between the await operator and the Wait method?
	wait always blocks the task but the operator spins up the thread and does something else