1. What is the purpose of transactions? Why do we use transactions in SQL scripts?



A transaction is a unit of work that might include multiple activities that query and modify data and that can also change the data definition.

2. Briefly describe each of the ACID properties.

(Atomicity) A transaction is an atomic unit of work. Either all changes in the transaction take
place or none do.

(Consistency) The term consistency refers to the state of the data that the relational database
management system (RDBMS) gives you access to as concurrent transactions modify and
query it.

(Isolation) Isolation ensures that transactions access only consistent data. You control what
consistency means to your transactions through a mechanism called isolation levels.

(Durability) Data changes are always written to the database’s transaction log on disk before
they are written to the data portion of the database on disk. After the commit instruction is
recorded in the transaction log on disk, the transaction is considered durable even if the change
hasn’t yet made it to the data portion on disk

3. What do we mean when we talk about the granularity of locks?

Lock granularity specifies which resource is locked by a single lock attempt.

4. What do we mean when we talk about the modes of locks?

whether its exclusive or shared

5. In your own words, describe blocking, and give an example.

blocking occurs when one session holds a lock on a specific resource and a second SPID attempts to acquire a conflicting lock type on the same resource. 

6. What are the properties of locks? That is, list the column name and column type of the fields in sys.dm tran locks.



7. What are the properties of sessions? That is, list the column name and column type of the fields in sys.dm exec connections.



8. What are the requests of sessions? That is, list the column name and column type of the fields in sys.dm exec requests.

SELECT -- use * to explore
session_id AS sid,
login_time,
host_name,
program_name,
login_name,
nt_user_name,
last_request_start_time,
last_request_end_time
FROM sys.dm_exec_sessions
WHERE session_id IN(52, 53);

9. What is an isolation level? Give an example of the operation of an isolation level.

Isolation levels determine the level of consistency you get when you interact with data.
READ UN-COMMITTED

10. (Not in the book.) What do we mean when we say that an object is serializable?

A serializable execution is defined to be an execution of the operations of concurrently executing SQL-transactions that produces the same effect as some serial execution of those same SQL-transactions.

11. What is an deadlock? Give an example of a deadlock?


A deadlock is a situation in which two or more sessions block each other. An example of a two-session deadlock is when session A blocks session B and session B blocks session A.

